# Any line followed by a '#' character is ignored
# Section headings must be in square brackets
# Subsections within a section should follow the format:
# [filename within code directory][tab character \t][subsection title]

[Templates]
templates/template.cpp	C++ template
templates/template.py	Python template

[Graph algorithms]
graphs/bellman-ford.cpp	Bellman Ford
graphs/dijkstra-dense.cpp	Dijkstra (Dense)
graphs/dijkstra-sparse.cpp	Dijkstra (Sparse)
graphs/floyd-warshall.cpp	Floyd Warshall
graphs/topo-sort-kahns.cpp	Topo Sort


[Data Structures]
data-structures/dsu.cpp	Disjoint Set Union
data-structures/segment-tree.cpp	Segment Tree
data-structures/segment-tree-lazy.cpp	Segment Tree Lazy

[Strings]
strings/kmp.cpp	KMP
strings/z_algorithm.cpp	Z algorithm

[Math]
maths/binpow.cpp	Binary Exponentiation
maths/combinatorias.cpp	Combinatoria
maths/count-primes.cpp	Count primes
maths/factorial_mod_p.cpp	Factorial mod p
maths/integer-factorization.cpp	Integer Factorization
maths/linear-sieve.cpp	Linear Sieve of Eratosthenes
maths/modular_division.cpp	Modular division
maths/primality-test.cpp	Primality tests
maths/segmented-sieve.cpp	Segmented Sieve
maths/sieve.cpp	Sieve of Eratosthenes

[Dynamic Programming]
dynamic-programming/binomial-coefficient.cpp	Binomial coefficient
dynamic-programming/lis-nlogn.cpp	LIS (nlogn)
dynamic-programming/lis.cpp	LIS
dynamic-programming/max_submatrix_2d.cpp	Max submatrix 2d

[Miscellaneous]
miscellaneous/bits.cpp	C++ bitwise
miscellaneous/subsets.cpp	Subsets
miscellaneous/tricks.cpp	C++ tricks
miscellaneous/tricks.py	Python tricks

[Fin]